feature: Compose 1.6.10 multimodule resources (#104)
JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs: topics/compose/compose-images-resources.md

  However, you can still store platform-specific resources in a platform `composeResources` directory and read them as a
  byte array. All resources will be included in each final app.

> > Since the version %composeEapVersion%-beta01, limitations on resource placement have been lifted:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Since %composeEapVersion%-beta01, limitations on resource placement have been lifted:
```

   }
   ```

2. Create a new directory `composeResources` in the source set directory you want to add the resources to
   (`commonMain` in this example):

   ![Compose resources project structure](compose-resources-structure.png){width=250}

3. Organize the `composeResources` directory structure according to these rules:

   * Images should be in the `drawable` directory.
   * Fonts should be in the `font` directory.
   * Strings should be in the `values` directory.
   * Other files with any hierarchy should be in the `files` directory.

4. Starting with Compose Multiplatform %composeEapVersion%-beta01, you can alter the default settings for Compose Multiplatform
   resources by adding a `compose.resources{}` block to the `build.gradle.kts` file:

    ```kotlin
    compose.resources {
        publicResClass = true
        packageOfResClass = "me.sample.library.resources"
        generateResClass = always
    }
    ```

   * `publicResClass` set to `true` makes the generated `Res` class public. By default, the generated class is [internal](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/visibility-modifiers.html).

>    * `packageOfResClass` allows you to assign the generated `Res` class to a particular package (for access within the code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `packageOfResClass` allows you to assign the generated `Res` class to a particular package (for access within the code,
```

>      as well as for isolation in a final artifact.) By default, Compose Multiplatform uses the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     as well as for isolation in a final artifact). By default, Compose Multiplatform uses the
```

</tab>
</tabs>

> > Starting with Compose Multiplatform %composeEapVersion%-beta01, string arrays are a separate resource type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Starting with Compose Multiplatform %composeEapVersion%-beta01, [string arrays](#string-arrays) are a separate resource type.
```

Text(stringResource(Res.string.str_template, "User_name", 100))
```

#### String arrays

> Starting with Compose Multiplatform %composeEapVersion%-beta01, string arrays are a separate string resource type.
>
{type="note"}

You can group related strings into an array and automatically access them as a `List<String>` object:

```XML
<resources>
    <string-array name="str_arr">
        <item>item \u2605</item>
        <item>item \u2318</item>
        <item>item \u00BD</item>
    </string-array>
</resources>
```

To get the corresponding list, use the following code:

<tabs>
<tab title= "From composable code">

```kotlin
@Composable
fun stringArrayResource(resource: StringArrayResource): List<String> {...}
```

For example:

```kotlin
Text(stringArrayResource(Res.string.str_arr))
```

</tab>
<tab title= "From non-composable code">

```kotlin
suspend fun getStringArray(resource: StringArrayResource): List<String>
```

For example:

```kotlin
coroutineScope.launch {
    val appName = getStringArray(Res.string.str_arr)
}
```

</tab>
</tabs>

#### Plurals

> > Available starting with Compose Multiplatform %composeEapVersion%-beta01.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Plurals are available starting with Compose Multiplatform %composeEapVersion%-beta01.
```

>
{type="warning"}

When your UI displays quantities of something, you might want to support grammatical agreement for different numbers

> of the same thing (1 _book_, many _books_ and so on) without creating programmatically unrelated strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the same thing (1 _book_, many _books_, and so on) without creating programmatically unrelated strings.
```

> The concept and base implementation in Compose Multiplatform is the same as for [quantity strings](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/resources/string-resource#Plurals)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The concept and base implementation in Compose Multiplatform are the same as for quantity strings
```

> on Android (follow the link to read more about nuances and best practices of using plurals in your project).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on Android. See the [Android documentation](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/resources/string-resource#Plurals) for more about nuances and best practices of using plurals in your project.
```

* The supported variants are `zero`, `one`, `two`, `few`, `many`, and `other`. Note that not all variants are even 

>   considered for every language: for example, `zero` is ignored for English, because it is the same as any other plural

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  considered for every language: for example, `zero` is ignored for English because it is the same as any other plural
```

  except 1. Rely on a language specialist to know what distinctions the language actually insists upon.
* It's often possible to avoid quantity strings by using quantity-neutral formulations such as "Books: 1".
  If this doesn't worsen the user experience, 

> To define a plural, add a `<plurals>` element to any .xml file in your `composeResources/values` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define a plural, add a `<plurals>` element to any XML file in your `composeResources/values` directory.
```

A `plurals` collection is a simple resource referenced using the name attribute (not the name of the XML file).

> As such, you can combine `plurals` resources with other simple resources in the one XML file, under one `<resources>` element:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As such, you can combine `plurals` resources with other simple resources in one XML file under one `<resources>` element:
```

* [Kamel](https://github.com/Kamel-Media/Kamel)
* [Ktor client](https://ktor.io/)

### Accessing resources from external libraries

> > Available starting with Compose Multiplatform %composeEapVersion%-beta01.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Accessing resources from external libraries is available starting with Compose Multiplatform %composeEapVersion%-beta01.
```

>
{type="warning"}

If you would like to make Compose Multiplatform resources available to other libraries used in your project, you
can call the `Res.getUri()` function with the general path of the resource:

```kotlin
val uri = Res.getUri("files/my_video.mp4")
```

The `uri` variable will contain the precise platform-specific path to the file that the path points to.
External libraries can use that path to access the file in a manner that suits them.

## Publication

Starting with Compose Multiplatform %composeEapVersion%-beta01, all necessary resources are included in the publication
maven artifacts.

> To enable this functionality, your project needs to use Kotlin 2.0.0-Beta5 or newer and Gradle 7.6 or newer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this functionality, your project needs to use Kotlin 2.0.0-Beta5 or newer and Gradle 7.6 or newer.
```
